notes.md, before:



# Description of my website

# To Do 7/6
- [x] Write a To Do item
- [x] Create basic index.html framework
- [x] Make call for index.js file inside of index.html file

# To Do 7/7
- []  Make calls inside index.js to format table of db.json data
    - [x] Fetch data from objects in db.json backend

# To Do 7/15
- [x] Create template and write text into README.md from Flatiron example
- [x] Get db.json open using below commands: 
    - [x] npm install json-server 
    - [x] json-server --watch db.json
    - [x] Control C => this gets you out of executing the db.json use
- [x] Make 4th of at least 30 commits to Git using below commands
    - [x] git add .
    - [x] git commit -m "what changes you made"
    - [x] git push

# To Do 7/18
- [x] Display all the data from db.json Fetch on html page as "cards"
    - [x] Troubleshoot how to fix "Undefined" being printed inside h2 tags
        - [] Need to improve how you display data - maybe use CSS ???
# To Do 7/19
- [x] Create 2 Link Budget Tables for Uplink and Downlink sides of LB
    -[] Maybe use CSS to style Link Budget form to the left???

# To Do 7/20
- [] Create Forms to Input Link Budget Value in each Table row
    - [x] Create new LB Forms seapater from LB Tables and merge both later
    - [x] Initially only input values and add LB calculation functions later
    - [] Later use functions with Math.method() to calcuate LB from inputs
    - [x] A Submit Event
    - [x] Use .addEventListener() for 1 of 2 events required in this project 
- [] Display cards to the right of these Link Budget Forms
    -[] Maybe use CSS to style cards to the right???
    - [] A Click Event??
    - [] Use .addEventListener() for 1 of 2 events required in this project 
- [] Display cards in structured list or table format

Commit message:

Color change and Bigger Button

notes.md, after:



# Description of my website

# To Do 7/6
- [x] Write a To Do item
- [x] Create basic index.html framework
- [x] Make call for index.js file inside of index.html file

# To Do 7/7
- []  Make calls inside index.js to format table of db.json data
    - [x] Fetch data from objects in db.json backend

# To Do 7/15
- [x] Create template and write text into README.md from Flatiron example
- [x] Get db.json open using below commands: 
    - [x] npm install json-server 
    - [x] json-server --watch db.json
    - [x] Control C => this gets you out of executing the db.json use
- [x] Make 4th of at least 30 commits to Git using below commands
    - [x] git add .
    - [x] git commit -m "what changes you made"
    - [x] git push

# To Do 7/18
- [x] Display all the data from db.json Fetch on html page as "cards"
    - [x] Troubleshoot how to fix "Undefined" being printed inside h2 tags
        - [] Need to improve how you display data - maybe use CSS ???
# To Do 7/19
- [x] Create 2 Link Budget Tables for Uplink and Downlink sides of LB
    -[] Maybe use CSS to style Link Budget form to the left???

# To Do 7/20
- [x] Create Forms to Input Link Budget Value in each Table row
    - [x] Create new LB Forms seapater from LB Tables and merge both later
    - [x] Initially only input values and add LB calculation functions later
    - [] Later use functions with Math.method() to calcuate LB from inputs
    - [x] A Submit Event
        - [] Submit Event does not work, so get it working
    - [x] Use .addEventListener() for 1 of 2 events required in this project 
- [] Button Click Event that Displays the Telecom Cards
    - [x] Button created but is not working


- # To Do 7/21
- [x] Button Click Event that Displays the Telecom Cards - get it working
    - [x] Used .addEventListener() for 1st of 2 events required in this project 
- [x] Submit Event for LB Form does not work - get it working 
    - [x] Used .addEventListener() for 2nd of 2 events required in this project 

- # To Do 7/22
- [] Get all Input Value fields installed and working in LB Form
- [] Display cards in structured list or table format
    - [] Start with "Table Header" for the 5 objects
    - [] Stretch goal is to get data in cards to look like LB Table
- [] Display cards to the right of these Link Budget Forms
    -[] Maybe use CSS to style cards to the right???
